{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c94902;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww32020\viewh19120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs72 \cf2 How to Make Perfect Pancakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Prep Time:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 5 mins\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Cook Time:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 15 mins\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Total Time:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 20 mins\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Servings:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Perfect pancakes are easier to make than you think. This pancake recipe produces thick, fluffy, and all-around delicious pancakes with just a few ingredients that are probably already in your kitchen\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Pancake Ingredients\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 You likely already have everything you need to make this pancake recipe. If not, here's what to add to your grocery list:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \'b7 Flour
\f0\b0 : This homemade pancake recipe starts with all-purpose flour.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 \'b7 Baking powder
\f0\b0 : Baking powder, a leavener, is the secret to fluffy pancakes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 \'b7 Sugar
\f0\b0 : Just a tablespoon of white sugar is all you'll need for subtly sweet pancakes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 \'b7 Salt
\f0\b0 : A pinch of salt will enhance the overall flavor without making your pancakes taste salty.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 \'b7 Milk
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b butter
\f0\b0 : Milk and butter add moisture and richness to the pancakes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 \'b7 Egg
\f0\b0 : A whole egg lends even more moisture. Plus, it helps bind the pancake batter together.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 How to Make Pancakes From Scratch\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 It's not hard to make homemade pancakes \'97 you just need a good recipe. That's where we come in! You'll find the step-by-step recipe below, but here's a brief overview of what you can expect:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1. Sift the dry ingredients together.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2. Make a well, then add the wet ingredients. Stir to combine.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3. Scoop the batter onto a hot griddle or pan.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4. Cook for two to three minutes, then flip.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 5. Continue cooking until brown on both sides.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 When to Flip Pancakes\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Your pancake will tell you when it's ready to flip. Wait until bubbles start to form on the top and the edges look dry and set. This will usually take about two to three minutes on each side.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \
How to Make Perfect Beef Burger Patties\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Prep Time:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 5 mins\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Cook Time:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 15 mins\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Total Time:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 20 mins\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Servings:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 4\cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Yield:\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 4 burgers patties
\f1\b\fs72 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 Need a basic burger recipe that you can whip up in no time? We have the perfect one. With just 5 ingredients and 15 minutes of cooking time, this flavorful recipe is ready to be shared, topped, and sauced in any way you like! Learn how to make your own sizzling beef burger patties right here.
\f1\b\fs72 \cb1 \

\f0\b0\fs36 \cb3 Nothing says summer quite like a juicy grilled burger. You'll find the full recipe below with step-by-step instructions, but here's what you can expect when you make these top-rated burger patties:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Begin by whisking the egg, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. Then, add the ground beef and bread crumbs before forming the mixture into \'be-inch patties. Place the patties on a preheated grill and cook for six to eight minutes per side.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Make sure the beef's temperature reads at least 160 degrees F before serving, and you're ready to go. Top with classic condiments like mustard, ketchup, and mayo for full-fledged flavor.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 Ingredients\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 large egg\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'bd teaspoon salt\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'bd teaspoon ground black pepper\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 pound ground beef\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'bd cup fine dry bread crumbs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs72 \cf2 Directions\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Whisk together egg, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add ground beef and bread crumbs and mix with your hands or a fork until well blended.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Form into four 3/4-inch-thick patties.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Place patties on the preheated grill. Cover and cook 6 to 8 minutes per side, or to desired doneness. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Serve hot and enjoy!\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}